<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [RingBuffer][1]
    -   [Parameters][2]
    -   [clear][3]
    -   [back][4]
    -   [front][5]
    -   [push][6]
    -   [pop][7]
    -   [shift][8]
    -   [unshift][9]
    -   [iterator][10]

## RingBuffer

RingBuffer implements classic fixed length ring buffer, or circular queue.

The methods match the Array signature for push, pop, unshift, and shift.

For buffer operation either use push/shift together, or unshift/pop together.

RingBuffer is substantially faster than an Array for this use case.

### Parameters

-   `capacity` **[Number][11]** maximum number of values in the buffer

### clear

Empties the ring buffer.

### back

Returns the value at the back of the buffer.

Returns **any** the back of the buffer, or `undefined` if empty

### front

Returns the value at the front of the buffer.

Returns **any** the front of the buffer, or `undefined` if empty

### push

Pushes a value onto the back of the buffer. If length === capacity,
the value at the front of the buffer is discarded.

#### Parameters

-   `value` **any** value to push

### pop

Removes a value from the back of the buffer and returns it. The
newly empty buffer location is set to undefined to release any
object references.

Returns **any** the value removed from the back of the buffer
or `undefined` if empty.

### shift

Removes a value from the front of the buffer and returns it. The
newly empty buffer location is set to undefined to release any
object references.

Returns **any** the value removed from the front of the buffer
or `undefined` if empty.

### unshift

Pushes a value on the front of the buffer. If length === capacity,
the value at the back is discarded.

#### Parameters

-   `value` **any** to push onto the front

### iterator

Iterator that goes from front to back.

Returns **Generator** iterates from front to back

[1]: #ringbuffer

[2]: #parameters

[3]: #clear

[4]: #back

[5]: #front

[6]: #push

[7]: #pop

[8]: #shift

[9]: #unshift

[10]: #iterator

[11]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number
